Manager who has to order stock
	Templeton Peck, 35, resides in New York, New York. He is the general manager for XX Shoe Store. He primarily plans out the schedules for his employees and ensures the store has plenty of stock. He was born and raised in New York by  a single mother, after his dad tragically passed away serving overseas. He attended New York University to get a Bachelor’s in Business and has held his current job for the past three years.
	As a millennial, he has a decent understanding of how technology works. However, he is not familiar with anything programming-wise. He values a simple program with clear instructions. Speed and reliability are also important for Random Dude
Shift Lead that has to apply customer coupon
	Amy Allen, 23, resides in Santa Monica, California. She is a shift lead for the Santa Monica branch of XX Shoe Store. She currently lives with her parents and 3 younger siblings. She was raised in Nevada, before moving to California as a teenager. Currently, she works part time while attending the University of Southern California to earn a degree in Computer Science.
	As a computer science major, she has a better understanding of technology than most. She enjoys learning about database systems the most. She values an efficient, well written program.
Shift worker who needs to check inventory for customers
	Malcolm, 28, resides in New York, New York. He is a shift worker for the XX Shoe Store who primarily handles inventory upkeep for smaller orders. Born and 	raised in Washington DC, his father works as a mailman and his mother a receptionist at a popular hotel. Malcolm attended New Jersey University and got an Associates of Science and has been working for the company for 2 years now.
	Malcolm has a strong foundation working with database systems and warehousing software. While he excels at these, his domain knowledge of the shoe industry is lacking and requires outside help to understand the major distributor’s needs when ordering from the warehouse. Maintaining a good work/life balance is very important to Malcolm.
